How is my grandfather's situation?
Please Ms. Wang calm down.
Waiting for the old man to feel a pulse or two
Your grandfather's disease, you can be sure.
It's a little low, isn't it?
I mean, it's almost under control.
It's not Kui, it's Ip.
Are you worried that the big thing doesn't work out?
You say there's nothing bad about people like Gia Cat.
People live better than their widows.
There is no such thing as your disease.
How can I make Wang Yixing's hood?
What the hell is that?
Veins blocked by stroke
Plus some other viral hemiplegia.
But it's not a big deal.
I can use the thirteenth needle of the demon to clear the channel.
Jiang Than applied for the sentence
If you're going to heal with thirteen magic needles
I'm afraid Mr. Wang is only 200%.